README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Linkr API</h1>

This project was made using Node.js and Express and consists on an API used for a social network back-end workprocess.

## Features

1. Sign-up and sign-in with jwt authentication
2. User search
3. Publishing posts
4. Listing posts with pagination
5. Listing 10 most popular hashtahgs
6. Users' posts
7. Hashtags' posts
8. Post edition and deletion
9. Interactions with post (likes, comments and re-posts)

## Documentation

You can check project's simplified documentation [here](https://gamy-marmoset-929.notion.site/Linkr-d900946be89545b1a8d2d231adf40ba6).

## Cloning project

In order to clone the project and run it in your machine, you must run the following commands (with git and npm installed in your machine):

### `git clone https://github.com/gabao55/linkr-API.git`

Then you must go to the project's directory and run:

### `npm i`

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm dev`

Runs the app in the development mode with nodemon.\
Test it [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000) with a client (e.g. Thunderclient).

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Test it [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000) with a client (e.g. Thunderclient).

Commit message:

Adds a link to deployed project

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Linkr API</h1>

This project was made using Node.js and Express and consists on an API used for a social network back-end workprocess. You can access deployed project by clicking this [link](https://projeto17-linkr-front-ochre.vercel.app/)

## Features

1. Sign-up and sign-in with jwt authentication
2. User search
3. Publishing posts
4. Listing posts with pagination
5. Listing 10 most popular hashtahgs
6. Users' posts
7. Hashtags' posts
8. Post edition and deletion
9. Interactions with post (likes, comments and re-posts)

## Documentation

You can check project's simplified documentation [here](https://gamy-marmoset-929.notion.site/Linkr-d900946be89545b1a8d2d231adf40ba6).

## Cloning project

In order to clone the project and run it in your machine, you must run the following commands (with git and npm installed in your machine):

### `git clone https://github.com/gabao55/linkr-API.git`

Then you must go to the project's directory and run:

### `npm i`

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm dev`

Runs the app in the development mode with nodemon.\
Test it [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000) with a client (e.g. Thunderclient).

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Test it [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000) with a client (e.g. Thunderclient).
